Hey guys welcome back.
So in last video I just verified that my information was being inserted in the database correctly which
it is.
But this might be the case for you.
In fact is a very good chance it is your first time doing it.
That the Days Night inserting and you don't know why.
That's fine.
I'll show you a way now that might make it easier for you to figure out what the problem is.
So the first thing you do is compare the good columns here and make sure you have the right number of
columns to your queries.
If I go to microarray a quick this is my query right here.
This insurgent uses this plies the query and I'll just verify that all of these column names match up.
So we have a blank on Friday.
Okay sir I.D. them user name first name last name used name first name last name email password sign
update email password sign up day and then profile electronically.
So maybe can't know.
Make sure you have the right number.
Second thing to do is to make sure you have single quotes around EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THESE.
So if I was to do this in Acts then you leave one of the inquiries often outside of my variables.
The query wouldn't work and it was felt was.
So make sure you have single quotes around all your variables.
The next thing you should do is make sure you have the commas.
Okay if you leave a comma out it's going to work and some idea why Watson is thinking outside is pretty
obvious but u.b. and you'll be surprised at how easy it is to do that no matter how long you've been
doing this for.
I always forget to insert the commas or forget a single quote.
Happens all the time.
So just go through and double check single quotes in Yardley commas and the next thing is one of the
most likely things I do I forget to do.
Is this closing parentheses right here.
I always forget to include that so if you got this o'casey of your opening graffitis ebbie don't have
a closing one now.
It's not going to work.
So make sure you have this one.
This I forget quite often and then of course also make sure that you insert into the right table.
Missouri.
I'm certain to use a table.
You've actually called users.
If you don't know that you still can't figure it out.
One thing to do is show you a way to debug this even further.
So what you do is you take this query.
Actually what I do.
I removed that close in parentheses so that this will now fail.
This crew is going to fail.
So copy and paste the query like that and we're going to output this to the screen by saying airco.
That.
See.
ECHO your query this way it will print out the query with all the variable values inserted as well.
Okay so I'll show what that means now.
So let's go back to my form register.
It's being save.
Yeah did.
Bah bah.
Oh Bert.
Bert Simpson then part of the.
G.m. Dot Com password password password also password.
I'm going to sign up and remember this is going to fail.
But what you see is this query echoed on the screen.
I echo this query.
So when I submit this now.
You see the galaxy are busy.
Here's a query with all the values inserted.
Yeah all the variables have their values and what you want to do is take this whole thing.
And insert it into this sequal tab.
So for me a table is about a we go to go see Siegel and replace it here put it there and click go.
So this is Tell Me I have an error in my syntax.
The problem is along with all my columns being incorrect or the table name being correct so I can fix
that if my error is different up or down then make it valid again.
If my error is different less I forgot to include this.
I forgot to name the table correctly I was trying to insert into user input of users.
I'll skip this now.
You see table user doesn't exist.
So this tells me that the tables run.
If I had one too many parameters.
For example if I had an extra parameter here with something in there okay and I tried to insert this
now.
Column count as a match.
I know what's on one too many or too little number of columns.
So to summarize by echoing the query part not all this part just the query part.
It shows on screen what the quote looks like with the variables inserted in OED copy and paste that
into a sequel tab right here and click go and it will tell you in more detail what the errors are.